Here are the final instructions in order to process the payments for the MLSS:

1) A feature was added to allocate money to applicants needing
financial support. So go through each applicant needing financial
support or maybe order the applicants by ratings and page through the
results one by one allocating money as needed.

2) Open a Google Checkout seller account for a given bank account:
https://checkout.google.com/sell/ It's very easy to open an account.
Use the mlss09cam@googlemail.com Google account to setup the account.

3) I will then send you a list of admitted applicants containing the
following fields:

applicant email, name, affiliated with cambridge, industry
researcher?, money given for financial support if any, money applicant
has to pay

The money the applicant has to pay depends on whether he was given
financial support, is an industry researcher or is affiliated with
Cambridge. Should this amount be in pounds or in dollars? The amount
we asked for financial support was in dollars, so should I do the
conversion?

4) Go to Tools > Send an invoice on your newly created Google Checkout
account. Send an email to each admitted applicant making sure the
right amount due is put. There should probably be a paragraph
explaining the amount due depending on whether the applicant received
financial support, is an industry researcher or is affiliated with
Cambridge. IMPORTANT make sure you check the option "Send me a copy of
this email". This email is the only way we can keep track of whether
the applicant has paid or not. There is also the Merchant admin
(https://checkout.google.com/sell/orders) but I think there isn't an
exact match between the applicant's email and the actual payee.

5) I will send you coma separated list of all undecided applicant's
emails (should we put these people on a waiting list?). The same with
all rejected applicants. A group bcc email could be sent to each group
using the MLSS Google email address.

6) After some deadline we then go through the emails received by
Google when a payment has been made. I could add a quick feature in
the admin to mark that the applicant has actually paid which will be
useful when making the badges. We can also start processing the
applicants who are on the waiting list.

This process could have been automatic using a low level API provided
by Google but I ran out of time. However if the admin is used for
subsequent MLSS then I'd be happy to add these features along with
with some simple stats such as admitted applicants by countries,
expertise etc ... as a pie.

Alex
